the original g502 proteus core from 2014
was rgbified in 2016 and then got an
upgrade to logitech's hero sensor in
but through all that time and certainly
since the debut of the g903 lightspeed
in 2017
g502 fans have been wondering
when logitech would finally cut the cord
on their favorite mouse
and now that it's here
there's really only one question
has logitech left us
any reason not to go wireless
actually two questions
is there any reason not to check out our
sponsor cablemod just opened up a new
factory and they now guarantee delivery
in under two weeks get 15 off with offer
code may 15th before the 27th of may at
the link below
[Music]
traditionally there have been three main
reasons not to get a wireless mouse so
let's start with the big one latency
does the new wireless g502 introduce any
extra delay between moving the mouse and
seeing the response on the screen
that is beyond what you'd get with the
wired version because even a wire does
have some latency
now answering this question is a little
tough for us because we don't have a
warehouse full of the necessary
scientific equipment to quantitatively
measure mouse latency to the degree that
we'd like
what we can test however is whether or
not the average gamer will be able to
tell the difference
so we unleashed our fiercest keyboard
warriors on a high performance gaming
rig outfitted with one wired g502 hero
and one wireless g502 light speed that
had been mocked up to appear wired
both of our mice were configured to the
same dpi and our subjects were
instructed to focus on just one variable
latency
god that was embarrassing blame the
mouse the mouse is the mouse okay so we
have it here on a light speed well
they're all hero oh this one for sure no
i i wouldn't be able to tell the
difference if you told me they were the
same mouse
i would believe you and i'm pretty sure
even if we had like a 240hz display i
would not be able to tell the difference
all right just for some reason just
something about it just feels nicer to
me if you had to guess which one's which
would you would it just be your guess
like flipping a coin
yeah i would have it would have been
pure guess
i don't i wouldn't have been able to
tell the difference if i was going to
make a call i guess it would have to be
this one so that's the wireless map oh
that's a wireless mouse and this is the
wired one
okay yeah thanks go you're wrong
so then considering these test results
the tournament-winning pro gamers who
use logitech wireless mice and the more
quantitative demos that we've seen from
logitech themselves in the past
we're convinced that there is in fact
merit to logitech's claims that
lightspeed's end-to-end optimized 2.4
gigahertz connection is
indistinguishable from a wired
connection
so let's move on because latency isn't
everything another demerit against most
wireless mice is
weight
a wireless mouse is required to carry an
on-board battery making it heavier than
its wired counterpart it's sort of
by definition
so if the g502 hero a mouse with the
same shape size buttons and sensor tips
the scales at
121 grams already
then how much would we expect the light
speed version to
now you might think that that's a trick
question and you're expecting me to tell
you haha it's the same weight
but no logitech has actually done us one
better managing to make the wireless
version seven grams lighter than its
wired predecessors and this is while
still managing up to 60 hours of
gameplay on a single charge of its quick
charging lithium ion battery
furthermore it's power play compatible
so if you get the wireless charging
mouse pad you'll never have to think
about charging at all
so then
how did they do that
turns out with great difficulty see
keeping the exact same exterior while
redesigning all of the internals is
likely the main reason that fans had to
wait this long for this mouse because
despite their near identical look
apparently the only component that
wasn't altered in some way was actually
the slippy skates on the bottom of the
mouse
so while a typical mouse gets its
structural integrity from the outer
shell
this one's walls had to be cut down to
just 1.2 millimeters thick
so then to maintain its rigidity
logitech used a lightweight internal
endoskeleton this is a similar design to
what they use on the g-pro wireless
then again borrowing from the g-pro
wireless they added very subtle
but appreciated mechanical spring button
tensioning to the left and right clicks
removing pre-travel and helping the
button recover from a click faster and
with more precision
and even like this is crazy even the
scroll wheel was altered it's lighter
but it still manages to feel the same
is there like yeah there's a there's a
gap there's a gap in the middle
so all right
wait and latency are not issues but what
about the third and final
wireless woe
price
well unfortunately this is the g502
light speeds
gotcha moment because like the g903 and
the g pro wireless this puppy is
150 us dollars nearly double the price
of its wired cousin
which raises an important question
if you're going to spend that much then
is this the mouse that you want
and that really depends because the
thing is for many gamers even the new
g502 with its 7 grams of weight shed is
still
way too heavy popular gaming mice from
competitors like final mouse are much
lighter along with being much cheaper
and logitech themselves has the gpro
wireless which is the same price but
only 80 grams
with that said if you love the shape of
the g502 you need 11 programmable
buttons and you can't live without a
hyper fast scroll wheel
then this could be the last mouse that
you ever buy
and who knows maybe you can recoup some
of the cost by selling the wired version
that you're probably already using
speaking of already using if you're not
already using ting then go check them
out ting is the mobile carrier that's
focused on customer service and customer
satisfaction with ting you pay only for
what you use and the average bill is
just 23 bucks a month per device they've
got no contracts so you can try them out
risk free and if you're stuck in a
contract and switch to ting they'll
cover 25 percent of your cancellation
fee up to 75 bucks they've got
nationwide coverage from coast to coast
in the us and they'll never block
throttle or interfere with your online
access so go check out the ting savings
calculator at
linus.ting.com to find out how much
you'd save on ting and if you use our
link you'll get 25 bucks in 10 credit
towards your bill or a new device
so thanks for watching guys if this
video sucked you know what to do but if
it was awesome get subscribed hit that
like button or check out the link to
where to buy the stuff we featured in
the video description also down there is
our merch store which has cool shirts
like this one yup like this one and our
community forum which you should totally
join